<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="addcertificateca" xml:lang="en">
  <title>Add Certificate for Canadian Customer</title>
  <shortdesc>This is a short description of Add Certificate for Canadian Customer</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <critdates>
      <created date="2025-01-08"/>
      <revised modified="2025-01-09"/>
    </critdates>
    <change-historylist>
      <change-item><change-organization>Avalara</change-organization><change-person><text>Don Clysdale</text></change-person><change-revisionid>1</change-revisionid><change-request-reference><change-request-system>Jira</change-request-system><change-request-id>1066</change-request-id></change-request-reference>
        <change-completed>2025-01-09</change-completed>
      </change-item>
    </change-historylist>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>External</indexterm>
        <indexterm>Product guides</indexterm>
        <indexterm>ECM Essentials</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq><p>Add an exempt customer for which you want to add an exemption certificate.</p></prereq>
    <context>
      <p>If you need to exempt a Canadian customer from both federal GST and provincial tax, such as
        PST, QST, or HST, add a multijurisdictional exemption certificate for the customer. Create
        multijurisdictional certificates directly in the Avalara platform, and you can't import them
        on a spreadsheet..</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <stepsection><b>Steps - Section 1</b></stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>From Avalara <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>, go to <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Exemptions</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Customer Certificates</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the filters on the left to filter the <b>Canada</b> customer from the
            <data>Region of customer address</data> field, and then select
            <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <stepsection><b>Steps - Section 2</b></stepsection>
      <step>
        <cmd>From Avalara <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Home</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>, go to <menucascade>
            <uicontrol>Exemptions</uicontrol>
            <uicontrol>Customer Certificates</uicontrol>
          </menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select the region that you want from the Regions covered by this certificate list.
          Region details appear on selecting the regions covered by the certificate. If a reason for exemption isn’t available in a specific region, it won't appear on the list.</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice><option>To exempt all tax:</option>Select Canada (GST) and all provinces in which you do business.</choice>
        </choices>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd><cmdname>To exempt all tax:</cmdname>Select Canada (GST) and all provinces in which you do business.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><cmdname>To exempt only the federal Canada GST rate:</cmdname>Select Canada (GST).</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><cmdname>To exempt GST and HST:</cmdname>Select Canada (GST) and any of the HST provinces in which you do business: New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, Ontario, and Prince Edward Island.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd><cmdname>To exempt PST/QST but still charge GST:</cmdname>Select the provinces that you want to be exempt, but don’t select Canada (GST).</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select the reason that you want from the <data>Reason for the exemption</data> list.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>You can refer to the <xref href="#addcertificateca">exempt reason matrix</xref> for a list of valid reasons by region.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>If you need the customer from GST and all provincial taxes, select <data>Tribal Government</data>.</cmd>
            <info><note type="tip">Tribal Government is the only entity use code that exempts Canada (GST) tax and all
                provincial taxes. You can select a different entity use code if your customer isn’t
                exempt from Canada (GST), or if they’re exempt from GST but taxable at the
                provincial level.</note></info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="ReferenceTable.dita"><linktext>Sample Reference Table</linktext></link>
  </related-links>
</task>
