<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="operating-hydrostatic-transmission">
  <title>Operating the Hydrostatic Transmission</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <note type="important">
        Avoid damage! To prevent transmission damage, stop machine motion completely before shifting the range shift lever.
      </note>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Start machine engine.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Choose speed range with range shift lever (A) to match work application:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>L – Low speed operations such as tilling hard soil, mowing long grass, or heavy hauling. Machine speed is decreased, but machine power is increased.</choice>
          <choice>N – Neutral position. Lever must be in the N (neutral) position when starting the engine.</choice>
          <choice>H – High speed operations such as light tilling and hauling, mowing short grass, and transport. Machine speed is increased, but machine power is decreased.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Depress brake pedal.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Unlock park brake.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Release brake pedal.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <note>When the travel pedal is released, the transmission will automatically return to neutral.</note>
        <cmd>Move throttle lever (B) forward until engine operates at desired speed.</cmd>

      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Slowly depress pedal (C) downward to travel forward. Slowly depress pedal (D) downward to travel in reverse.</cmd>
        <info>The farther either travel pedal is depressed, the faster the machine will travel.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Stop machine to change speed range.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
